Docs for header modifier filter in TrafficPolicy (#409)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/docs/main/traffic-management/header-control/response-header.md

   {{< tabs items="HTTPRoute,TrafficPolicy" tabTotal="2" >}}
   {{% tab tabName="HTTPRoute" %}}
   ```yaml
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
   kind: HTTPRoute
   metadata:
     name: httpbin-headers
     namespace: httpbin
   spec:
     parentRefs:
     - name: http
       namespace: {{< reuse "docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}}
     hostnames:
       - headers.example
     rules:
       - filters:
           - type: ResponseHeaderModifier
             responseHeaderModifier:
               set: 
                 - name: x-response-code
                   value: "%RESPONSE_CODE%"
         backendRefs:
           - name: httpbin
             port: 8000
   EOF
   ```
   
   |Setting|Description|
   |--|--|
   |`spec.parentRefs`| The name and namespace of the gateway that serves this HTTPRoute. In this example, you use the `http` Gateway that was created as part of the get started guide. |

>    |`spec.rules.filters.type`| The type of filter that you want to apply to incoming requests. In this example, the `ResponseHeaderModifier` filter is used.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |`spec.rules.filters.type`| The type of filter that you want to apply to responses. In this example, the `ResponseHeaderModifier` filter is used.|
```
